Hey guys.
While using CSI as an HCM island tutorial mode was definitely nice.
Why don't we kick it up a notch and put our knowledge to use.
Our first project will be a response a Web site for a company called T station and what we're going
to be building.
Well we're going to start off with a massive hero image or hero section.
We're all gonna have the big background image as well as the subtitle title and about the moment I'm
gonna reverse the page notice what's gonna happen so we're going to have one text sliding from the right
the other one sliding from the left as well as for the button and we're gonna use the animation.
There is also going to be the nav bar button that's always gonna have the animation as you can see this
is gonna be scaling up and down all the time and the moment I'm gonna click it.
This is gonna be our nav bar.
We will gonna use a little bit of George called for this and I'm not gonna go into great detail.
How are you all gonna be able to access the code and always reuse this nav bar anyway.
So this is gonna be our hero section and then we're moving on with a little gradient.
So this line is gonna be a little gradient and then we have a bunch of services and as I'm hovering
over the services.
Notice what happened.
So our font awesome icon is gonna move up and then the background color is gonna be changing and we're
gonna be using nice transitions for that.
And like I said project will gonna be responsive but I'm not going to show it to each and every section
because I can feel that it's necessary.
But as you can see wouldn't services for example or skills call it whatever you want then this is gonna
be our one section layout or one column layout and then the moment this screen is gonna get there then
we're gonna have two column layout.
And finally the moment we're going to get past certain screen size we're all gonna have a four column
layout and then we're gonna have the bald section and by the way these links are actually gonna be working
now.
These pages they're all gonna be building the other ones let's say.
What was it.
I was home about and skills and products were just gonna be copying pasting stuff that we have from
the main page or we were gonna look at how we can create rest of the pages.
So in essence you're gonna have the Web site with one two three four pages and obviously most of the
work we're going to do in the homepage.
How are these links are gonna be working.
So the moment you're going to click on the link then we're going to be navigating to the page.
And this is gonna be our about section with an image and as we're all going to be hovering over the
image we are gonna be zooming in as well as we're going to be changing a little bit of passively.
And this is the reason why a color is going to be changing as well as some kind of text as.
Here we're gonna have the program.
Then we'll have the products and then this is gonna be we're all gonna be nesting the layout because
even though we're gonna be using floats for these two sections within the second section within the
second column there's gonna be another three column layout.
So this is gonna be really interesting or the way this is gonna work on responsive screen notice.
So we're gonna start again by two column layout where this is going to be one column and then we have
the second one hour within the second one we're gonna be adding different sizes of the images depending
on a screen size.
So the moment does get bigger for the second column.
This is gonna be two column layout.
Then once we make it even bigger then we're going to have three column layout here.
And this is gonna be still one column layer as well as the moment we're going to get to the bigger screen
size then we're going to have two column layout with the second column being a three column layout by
itself.
Then we're going to be having a contact me section where there's just gonna be some information about
the station as well as the content form.
Now what's really about cool about the content form that even though not going to use BHP we're all
going to use the nice free service which is gonna be Formspring.
And that way what I can do is we can submit the form.
So let me show you how this is gonna work.
And again this is for free we're not going to have to pay anything.
And the only thing that we're gonna need to do is add like one line of code of order so I'm just gonna
say John then the email is going to be let's say Email at email dot com and then we'll go to writes
a message.
Oh hello there people something like this.
And the moment I'm gonna click save notice what's gonna happen with my inbox.
First of all the user is gonna have to say yes yes I'm not a robot yes this is true but then check it
out.
So within the mailbox I should be getting the mail.
And then once I'm gonna open up notice what happens.
So I have the name and that would be John.
And then email and then message again what's really cool about this that we're not going to have to
use any kind of back in language like BHP for example.
Is gonna be able to add it to our form or we're going to be good to go then here a bottom.
We're going to have our nice footer and then let's head over maybe look at the other pages like I said
we're gonna have the home.
That would be our main one that I'm going to have the skills where within the skills I'm going to we're
going to use the same heroes section and we're all just gonna get the skills as well as we're going
to have about then in the about there's gonna be this paragraph about the bolt and then we're going
to have the product we're all going to have the product.
So overall I think this is gonna be really really interesting first project and you'll going to learn
a lot how to put to use everything that you have learned.
Now finally what's really cool about this project is the fact that we're going to be hosting it and
for hosting we're going to use Natalie why.
Because I find it really hassle free hosting and very easy.
We are not going to use the continuous deployment with GitHub but we will going to look at their easiest
option where we can just drag and drop it and for continuous deployment we're going to do it later as
we cover some other topics as well as other projects.